----------------OOPs----------

Class:
    blurint of object

Variables
    1. Instance Variables:
        -defined inside class, but outside methods
        -scope remains inside the class in any method or block or constuctor
       -initialized whenever we create an object, and
        for each object a new copy of this variable is allocated

    2. Local Variables:
        -defined inside methods/block/constuctor 
        -scope limited to that particular method/block where being defined
        -initialized when that method is called
    3. Static Variables:
        -defined inside class, outside method but with 
        'static' keyword
        -belongs to the whole class, not to the object
        -scope remains inside the class 
        -initialized only once at the start of execution
        -for all the objects only one copy of variable
        gets allocatedto all the objects


# we can use access modifiers with instance Variables
but not with local Variables as its scope is already defined(
    ie scope of local variable is only within the mthod/block/.. within
    which it has been defined
)


Constructors
    -used to initialize variables at runtime
    tyeps:
        1. Default Constructor,
        2. Parameterised Constructor
        3. Non-Parameterised Constructor
    
    # Constructors cannot be abstract,final or static
    # static methods are used to access static members
    
Modifiers
    -modifiers se the accessibility of classes
    or methods or any members
    
    1. Access modifiers:
        -specifies the scope of particular members
        -the behaviour of class is specified using modifiers
        types:
            1. Public:
                -the class can be accessed anywhere
            2. Private
            3. Protected:
                -can be accessed everywhere within the 
                same package and its subclasses, but cant 
                be accessed in other packages except its subclasses
                (as the subclasses can be anywhere within the 
                same package or other package)
                #outside the package it(Protected members) can be 
                used only with childs reference(ie reference of its child class)
                , while inside the package it can be accessed by both
                childs reference or by parents reference
            4. Default
                -the scope of Default classes is 
                within their package
            
            #public class can be accessed anywhere 
            whereas the default class can be accessed 
            within its package only

    2. Non-Access modifiers:
        
        1. Abstract keyword:
            -abstract modifier is applicable for classes and methods
            -Abstract method:
                >doesnt have  implementation (ie no body)
                >implementation to an abstract method
                is provided in its child class(ie subclass)
            -Abstract class:
                >Not fully implemented
                >we can not create object of abstract class
                    >>ie abstract classes cannot be instantiated
                >we have to create the implementation of abstract class
                in the child class
                > We can also create concrete methods in abstract classes,
                these methods will be available to all its child classes 

                Adv:
                    1. Code Reusability:
                        -as a method can be kept in abstract class
                        then multiple classes can extend and use that method
                    2. used to achieve abstraction in java

            #to write an abstract method in a class
            that class must be abstract too
            #however, it is not mandatory to have atleast one abstract method
            inside abstract class
            #we can declare any class as abstract if the implementation
            is not complete

            # ie when we want a base class which should not be instantiated
            and have some common functionality for each of its derived class 
            with different implementations, we use abstract classes and abstract methods         
        #abstract methods can only be defined in abstract class
   
        #public class can be used outside the package in which
        its defined too

        2. Final Keyword:
            -Non-access modifier which is applicable for classes, 
            variables and methods and used to finalising the implementation
            of them
        

        3. Static keyword:
            -applicable for variables and methods,
            and used to define the class members
            independent from any instances

Packages
    -mechanism to keep group of classes, interfaces and
    sub-packages which has similar functionalitites
    at the same place
    -provides folder structure to organicse classes-interfaces

