
About yourself?
    -My name is Nishu Chandravanshi. 
    Im a Computer Sciece and Engineering Undergraduate.
    Im enthusiastic and always ready to learn and explore new things,
    i like developing new skills and harnessing those which ive learned so far.
    ive participated in various hackathons which helped me learn new technlogies, Ive mainly worked as web backend developer
    in Django currently im exploring ML. and ive done my beginner project sudoku solver in ml

//nonSde
    and apart from this Ive also been active in co-curricular activities
     Like ive worked as an executive and then a manager in e-cell,
     ive also contributed in placement activities office, and have also done market survey internship in my 1st yr of clg
    
    so working on different committees & interacting with professionals helped me improve my communicational and 
    interpersonal skill and also i learned how to work as a team


Next 5 years:
    -> as a fresher im assuming that my next 5 years will be huge learning curve for me
    i want to absorb  industrial knowledge as much as possible
    -> I always feel theres ocean out there to learn and at present i dont have even a drop within me. 
    ie theres whole lot of things to learn and explore and that is all i want to do in next five yr ie in short
    i see myself as a person with much more experience and skill set and gain experty in my domain,

Strength:
    i. always enthusiastic and open to learn 
    ii. ive got good communication skills
    iii. Time management (i always set goals and plan accordingly to achieve those goals and this helps me effectively manage my time)


Weakness:
    i. Sometimes while solving any problem or when i get stuck for a long time i find it a little difficult 
        to decide whether to let go or to stay.  but i believe ill  get better in it with experience
    ii.
    iii.




Strength
    -i dont giveup to situations i try to find a way(tution story : managed clg curriculum, ecell activities, tution)
    -
    -
Weakness 
    -
    -
    -

Next 5 year plans
    -learning 
    -id like to see myself after 5 yr who understand the scale, design, not only coding but also indulge in design part


Why should i hire you

example when u worked within a team
    -



Different types of teams u worked with
    hackathon, diff role -> focused on coding, building product 
    while ecell -> role-> public relation and marketing, i was mainly llokin got interact with 
    diff campuses engage them and plan marketing strategy


Tell me about a time when u didnt meet ur goals
    -failure story
 
Time when u set ur goals and achieved it
Describe a time when u were able to motivate someone
    -leadership
    -team stuck -> morale down -> i suggested->started fresh again (sms integration story)

Describe a time when u worked well under stress
    -
Describe a time when u did any creative work
Describe a time when u disagree with ur team member


#success,
    getting into one of the Institute with national importance and into the branch of my choice.
    In 12th i decided to crack jee but
    i belong to a small town where we didnt have any coaching center specifically for JEE preparation and neither was
    my school focussed on it. So i started preparing for jee on my own and joined coaching for 1 yr, 
    and prepared rigorously and was able to get into one of the NITs in CSE stream.

failure,
    -in my first hackathon, none of the team members had much knowledge in backend we were all learning at that time
    and so though we tried our best for that 24 hrs as that was the time we had in total for completing our task, but
    we couldnt complete our project at that time 


leadership,
    in hackathon while we were making our app krishi jagaran, we wanted to integrate our app with sms service
    but sms api was costly and we couldnt afford buying it at that time and our was stuck and moral went down then 
    i stood up and took responsibility for the same
    and i came up with an idea of making dummy app for sending msgs to server for demo purpose, and 
    i contacted few seniors who helped me in this by giving us msg91 free credits, which we used for 
    sending success msgs to farmers from server

struggle
    -during my clg i was working part time as a home tutor, and also actively managing ecell and 
    tpo activities along with academics, so in the beginning it was hectic schedule and 
    i struggled to manage time initially but i didnt give up and managed all of those effectively by 
    properly organizing the tasks and dividing time accordingly















**********
o9      -co founder: Sanjiv Sandhu
    Platform where everything is integrated
    Provides analytics platform with ai which can help business in taking proper decision
    The company provides an artificial-intelligence driven platform which uses data
        to give companies better visibility into risks and opportunities across extended global supply chains
        and improved quality of forecast using AI models
    
Why should we hire u?
    //as i see o9 is really working on digital transformation is taking various measures for digital transformation
    as I understand as a consultant you are looking for a person who is a good listener, with good communicational, analytical, poblem solving 
    and also good interpersonal skills, i can say i am the best suited candidate for the role. 
    as ive been spend a major fraction of time working on Training and placement office, e-cell, and ofc coding

















